the most challenging environment here is
is when the rain start to come through
and it completely changes the atmosphere
because the camera is sort of sealed
inside it's stabilized platform it does
mean that we can film in quite serious
rain which is very difficult before
[Applause]
because the rain
it's sudden its severe its dramatic and
it's very difficult to film in and yes
it produces some amazing images brain
here can be very very vicious so trying
to keep brain out of the vehicle of
protect the equipment so it's always
ready it is a tough assignment
and obviously our task out here is to
capture all behavior and all sorts of
weather so that does mean that a lot of
rain is getting on the lenses so my job
is to jump out and clean the lens and
when it does start raining lines
especially get very excited so it can be
quite nerve-wracking when you're
focusing what you're doing in turns they
dry and their alliance playing and
starting to get into this hunt mode this
can make the situation quite
[Music]